Welcome to the Brazil branch. Today we will show you the work that's being
carried out than the renovation of this beautiful branch. Our building's
house more than 1,150 BF and also provide workspace for an additional 600
commuters. The last branch expansion finished in 1997 and since then there has
not been a renovation of its buildings. In addition, the way in which much of the
work is done here has changed a lot. During this period, the number of publishers
in Brazil has almost doubled reaching to more than 900,000. Although our
buildings are very well cared for, some mechanical, electrical and computer
systems are outdated, which limits their usefulness. For these and other
reasons, the renovation is necessary for Bethel to continue caring for the
present and future needs of the organization. The renovation has already started.
Temporary accommodations have been created for more than 220 volunteers. These
accommodations will be used by the construction team. This is a renovated
apartment along with new finishes, the mechanical and electrical systems have
been replaced. The new windows have better thermal and acoustic insulation,
letting in more natural light and serving to economise resources. Each of the
over 650 apartments at the branch will be renovated. While on the subject of
economising and simplifying, now each Bethelite will wash their own clothes. 29
new laundry rooms are being constructed throughout the residential blocks. In
addition, practically all of the offices will be completely renovated and
modernised. We currently have office space for approximately 500 workers. The
renovation will create room for almost 900. The new layout will also provide the
option to reconfigure the office space to more than 1,050 workstations. Also, the
project includes plans to renovate and modernise most of the public areas
throughout the branch, creating a nice environment to work and live. In order
to accomplish this, we plan to have between 350 and 400 workers per day at the
renovation. I am 23 years old. I've always had the dream of serving in construction.
Then I had the privilege of being called to serve in the construction going on
here at Bethel. It's amazing. I work on the electrical crew. I took an electrical
course when I was 15. But the truth is, I really learn this profession here in
Bethel. This is my wife, Natalia. And this is my husband Jose. And this is our first
assignment together. I'm serving in the engineering department in the design
sector. I'm in Masonry, something I've never done before. At the end of the day
when I finish work, I feel like I've really accomplished something. We hope that
at the end of this project, these buildings will become a place that's even more
efficient and better prepared to care for the future needs. Would you like to have
a part in this project? If so, know that your prayers and your contributions to
the worldwide work are a great help. Also, if your circumstances permit, then why not make
yourself available to come and serve as a volunteer on this or another construction project.